README.md, before:

# PowerShell DSC Class based resource issue
```
OS         : Windows 2012 R2
OS Version : 6.3.9600
PSVersion  : 5.0.10586.117
```

While working on Class based DSC resource I encountered some issues and inconsistencies I can't explain.
I've created a small '<em>project</em>' help to troubleshooting: https://github.com/gaelcolas/env_refresh

The issue is, if I run the configuration in the example/ folder https://github.com/gaelcolas/Env_Refresh/blob/master/examples/dsc_configuration.ps1
It <strong>fails the first time, works the second</strong>, and then it's like <em>'works','fails' | Get-Random</em> for subsequent attempts.

The class is meant to be very simple:
https://github.com/gaelcolas/Env_Refresh/blob/master/Env_Refresh.psm1

So is the configuration:
https://github.com/gaelcolas/Env_Refresh/blob/master/examples/dsc_configuration.ps1

![DSC Errors](./result.gif)

It's worth noting that on my laptop (Win 10 TP Fast ring), it works every time:
<pre>
OS         : Windows 10
OS Version : 10.0.14390
PSVersion  : 5.1.14390.0
</pre>

Any idea of what I might be doing wrong? Or does it sound like an issue with the WMF5 on Win2012r2?

Commit message:

updating readme with findings from Dave Wyatt

README.md, after:

# PowerShell DSC Class based resource issue [RESOLVED]
See [this post](https://powershell.org/forums/topic/class-based-dsc-resource-intermittently-fails/#post-47427) from the powershell forum for the full discussion
```
OS         : Windows 2012 R2
OS Version : 6.3.9600
PSVersion  : 5.0.10586.117
```

While working on Class based DSC resource I encountered some issues and inconsistencies I couldn't explain.
I've created this small '<em>project</em>' to help troubleshooting.

The issue is, if I run the configuration in the example/ folder https://github.com/gaelcolas/Env_Refresh/blob/master/examples/dsc_configuration.ps1
It <strong>fails the first time, works the second</strong>, and then it's like <em>'works','fails' | Get-Random</em> for subsequent attempts.
See below example

![DSC Errors](./result.gif)

# Explanation

There's an issue when the LCM's debug_mode is configured with anything else than *None*.
Changing this to None in my .kitchen.yml configuration or changing the LCM configuration on the test machine fixes the issue.
![Diff](./diff.png)

It's worth noting that on my laptop (Win 10 TP Fast ring), it works every time, with either setting:
<pre>
OS         : Windows 10
OS Version : 10.0.14390
PSVersion  : 5.1.14390.0
</pre>

I suspect the bug has been fixed in a recent version of WMF 5.1, unfortunately it's not GA yet. It's likely to be released along Windows 2016 [according to this post](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/powershell/2016/04/06/windows-management-framework-5-0-updates-and-wmf-5-1/).
